Being interested and interesting
----------------------------------------------------------------------
being-interested-interesting
----------------------------------------------------------------------
life
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ok, so I wrote two posts while I thought the world was ending. Then
the world didn't end, exposing my extraordinary ability to not follow
through on things like writing. Here I set this unreasonable goal once
again, and try to convince myself I should actually do something for
once.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
As a resident of Eliot house, I am of course a refined gentleman of
polite society. One of the perks of being such a gentleman is that I
have [Doug Melton](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas_A._Melton) as
a house master. If you follow that link or biology or medicine or
[Time
magazine](http://www.time.com/time/specials/2007/time100/article/0,28804,1595326_1595329_1616837,00.html)
you know that Doug Melton is good at things. In particular, one thing
he's good at is being pretty chill and sitting down and eating with us
refined Eliotites all the time.

Anyway, that unnecessary introduction was to get to the
following. Recently at dinner Doug was talking about all sorts of
stuff with a bunch of my friends and me. One thing he was curious
about in the process was whether he could pique my interest with
anything. Basically he concluded that it was pretty difficult to get
me excited at all. We laughed about it.

But then I thought for a second:

> What am I interested in and why the hell am I?

Don't worry, I'm certainly interested in things. I'm essentially in
love with math at the moment; computer science and programming are
(usually) fun times; tennis and running get me high; the absurd worlds
of t.v. and novels and fiction in general are my Promised Lands; I'm
finding that I am utterly obsessive about design; I'll stop there
since my point is made. I realised though that I have no strict
reasons to be interested in any of these, other than that they're
interesting. On the other hand I realised I don't care really.

But maybe I should be more actively interested in things. This would
have the following benefits:

1. It would help to appease Doug Melton.
2. I would probably learn more about and getter better at these
interesting things.
3. It would make me think and write more and I think thinking and
writing are good.
4. It would probably make me a more interesting person to be around,
and I want to be interesting.

Therefore I should actually blog. It will let me rant about how great
_The Office_ and _Community_ are, and it will make me sit down and
really understand math. Maybe my writing will even improve and one day
I can write a story. That would be dope.

