Learnventing
----------------------------------------------------------------------
learnventing
----------------------------------------------------------------------
learning, math
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Today I was convinced that I really need to sit down, screw around,
and reinvent the fundamentals for myself to have any chance at
understanding or retaining math.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
This semester I've been taking a course on algebraic topology, which
is purportedly a continuation of the introduction to the subject I
took last semester. Really it's this insane plunge into some
neat(-looking) but ridiculously abstract homotopy theory. I really
hope to understand it one day. Hopefully this absurd month (four final
projects/papers!) will pass by relatively successfully and without
claiming too much of my sanity; then over the summer I can write a bit
about (and finally learn) some of the ideas that appeared in the
course. 

But today I was convinced that there is something far more important I
need to do this summer: sit down, screw around, and reinvent all the
fundamentals (which I've forgotten) for myself. Indeed that whole
first paragraph was just for the sake of
<strike>contradiction</strike> contrast. Here's the actual point of
the post.

I'm also taking a course on number fields this semseter, and section
today was comprised of just our TF, the infamous Levent Alpoge, and
me. (My current understanding: Levent is essentially

1. an unrelenting and rather talented troll,
2. a total boss.

I'm not sure if I got the order there right, but I'll leave it like
that in the hopes that he reads this.) Anyway, Levent asks me if I
want to talk about the theorem on primes in arithmetic progressions
due to Dirichlet. I say yes, and that I know nothing of how the proof
goes. He's about to start talking (he says often in number theory we
have to do some algebra and some analysis, and usually the analysis is
where the deep, tricky stuff is happening), but, true to form, instead
of actually starting the proof, he decides that today I am Dirichlet
and I will prove this theorem. 

Obviously he was exaggerating and presented the bulk of the argument
(that is, the analysis), but I had to try and figure out some of the
algebra. Basically what I ended up doing is realising 
